feat(managed-pg): add  managed-pg chart (#49)
SocialGouv/helm-charts: charts/managed-pg/README.md

# Managed Postgres

> Managed Postgres chart

## TL;DR

```sh
$ helm just install socialgouv/managed-pg#<version>
#

> $ helm just render my-managed-pg-${CI_JOB_ID} managed-pg

Reviewer: please add an apply example to see the full cycle

Author: ```suggestion
$ helm just render my-managed-pg managed-pg
 Rendering chart: "managed-pg" as .manifests/my-managed-pg/managed-pg
 wrote .tmp/my-managed-pg/managed-pg/templates/job-create-db-user.yml
 wrote .tmp/my-managed-pg/managed-pg/templates/job-drop-db-user.yml
 wrote .tmp/my-managed-pg/managed-pg/templates/tests/test-create-db.yaml
 Move ".tmp/my-managed-pg/managed-pg/templates" to ".manifests/my-managed-pg"
```

Like this ?

Reviewer: the apply part ?

```

```yaml
variables:
  HELM_CHART_VERSION: "3.0.0"
  K8S_NAMESPACE: "${KUBE_NAMESPACE}"

Create db:
  environment:
    name: fabrique-dev
  image: registry.gitlab.factory.social.gouv.fr/socialgouv/docker/helm:0.25.0
  variables:
    JUST_CHARTS_DIRECTORY: charts
  script:
    - helm init --client-only
    - curl -L https://github.com/SocialGouv/helm-charts/releases/download/v${HELM_CHART_VERSION}/helm-just-linux-${HELM_CHART_VERSION}.tgz | tar -C $(helm home) -xzv
    - helm repo add socialgouv https://github.com/SocialGouv/helm-charts/releases/download/v${HELM_CHART_VERSION}
    #
    - echo "helm just fetch socialgouv/nodejs#${HELM_CHART_VERSION}"
    - helm just fetch "socialgouv/managed-pg#${HELM_CHART_VERSION}"
    #
    - helm just render helm-chart-managed-pg-test-${CI_JOB_ID} managed-pg
      --set createDb.name=db_${CI_COMMIT_REF_SLUG}
      --set createDb.password=pass_${CI_COMMIT_REF_SLUG}

>       --set createDb.user=user_${CI_COMMIT_REF_SLUG}

Reviewer: could you add an example with a custom `values.yml` ?

Author: Ah `createDb` is a typo

Reviewer: is it possible to render with a custom values.yml ?

Reviewer: ok, it is supposed to work with `--values /path/to/values.yml`
